hi guys it's just not video I know I
haven't made videos I said one day -
it's nothing much to talk about so
anyway I got this DVD some people may
know if some people won't
and yes buried alive
good food is a TV movie but they finally
released this on DVD came back - well
the leverage I heard and it was pretty
cheap I got it from Amazon so what the
hey I am one of the best movies
low-budget movie I saw in channel 5 for
the first time solely so yeah so
something wrapped this bad boy sorry
doing it this long me making a video
there you go funny unbox this already
cheap huh
it's a DVD you see the Bears alive
really cool cover if they release I come
breathe to release this on DVD pretty
cool alright guys thanks for watching um
if you haven't seen so go watch you know
all gonna get coffee anyway you can say
yeah okay peace I'm out now Monica okay
peace